Cordova
the area
I know them
I have seen them many times they are rare they leave early in the morning and
They strive to beat the sun
when everyone sleeps
they leave on tiptoe without making noise
the condemned
they want to bother him
they are crazy
in summer but they have
they go down transpiran
they get dehydrated and finally get tired just to enjoy the rest
in winter, they get clogged
they complain they complain they cool down they catch a cold and they let the rain
monks
they pedal soaked and always
when not because of the rain because of the scare
I have seen them pass by quickly down the trees slowly
meander dirt roads
climb steep slopes
clink wooden bridges
pisano dried leaves
its beat them
jump obstacles
eventually
a good of a dog the best incentive to pedal fast they say
listen to music that accompanies the rhythm of your legs
listen to the noise of mine
almaty kos in the stands
at the polls
in the mud by the tire helmets on the pavement
all this is music
I have seen them are not right in the head just in slippers conflicts
not to get rid of his beloved bicycle
even when they go flying through the air with
the sweater perspire the hull in the bunk beds and the juan
time and its moon cadence among others
they try to beat someone only they
they sign up for all the races
they rarely win
they start running the previous night
they dream that they pedal between rocks and rivers
in the morning they rise like children in the day of kings
They have prepared clothes that rest on a chair
as they did in their childhood on the eve of holidays
the day before the race, he comments until they do not drink alcohol
but they are rewarded with impudence and with roast beef and beer as soon as the
competition
I could never calculate their age but surely they are between 15 and 85 years old
with men and women
they sign up for outsourcing races of their 80 kilometers
and before you start
they know they can not win even if everyone else is missing
They release anxiety at each exit and a few minutes before arrival they need
win
they adjust their chronometer and try to locate the four or five paintings that
we have to beat them
are your career references
5 that pedal similar to me
beat only one of
they will be enough to sleep at night with a smile
they enjoy when they pass another cyclist
but they encourage it
they tell him that there is not much left and they ask him not to loosen up
compete fiercely when asked who
invariably I answered before against themselves ports are not
six look up to the last breath to pass ayc cyclist your competitor be
but if the vehement thank you stops to help it makes sense
they reach the goal exhausted breathless
they arrive in last place and still raise their arms in triumph
according to a new study
they do not prepare them but they have all the excuses by the time they reach
the girl
no ballast
they are part of them
I punch
the rear derailleur that failed the changes came jumping
the sleepless two days ago
the slow traffic of those who left before
I lost the way
their legs hurt
seat alhambra have difficulty breathing have stitches in the side in extreme cases
the legs refuse to continue
as they move in the afternoon
the muscles suffer more and more
the face is disfigured
Perspiration runs on their faces
the stitches begin to repeat
and 15 kilometers before arrival
they begin to wonder what they are doing
this year
I know them
they congratulate each other
they remember parts of the track
talk about the infernal descent
and of the insufferable slope
talk about how the conquests goal
they all speak
everyone listens
I've seen them a lot
they are bad in the head
they look with affection and without hurting the one who arrives 20 minutes later
they respect the last and the second last because they say they are respected by the
first and for the second
they are grouped by teams and share with the second family part of the
Sundays
they share all the photos that they take
and they do not notice that they are the same as those of the previous race
They hang their medals in places in the house where the visit can see them and
have to ask
they are wrong
is there since last month they say trying to use their tone plus a
this is the first one that wins say omitting inform that they were given
to all
including the one who arrived last
suffer falls hurt
rest are restored and invariably come back to climb in
his bike
they say that companies lan
the pain disappears but the glory lives forever
that must be why they are
sometimes they go out alone in the company of their inseparable fish
they say that few people for these times
they are able to be alone with themselves a prayer
them and I enjoy it
in those places that seem exclusive for your unican delight is
I arrange
6 tanya pri sing to their bicycle
strut care what else seems like the bene
I'm sure that if they could, they would lead to failure
they are wrong with her
I have seen them
they never remember how they started
but they worry about inviting one
as someone who wants to share his fortune with those he wants
they think they are discoverers of a great secret
who only
those who follow their tracks on the world's bicycle have access
those who convince propaganda kings
in a few months they will start to transform and they will be as crazy as I said that
I think they want to beat Lanús
they say they want to beat the atlantean
one thing is certain
they are completely crazy and only they and those who dare to follow them
they are able to enjoy that madness
how do they do
the world would be another
definitely
if there were more novel